[DataGrid] Log error if `rowCount` is used with client-side pagination (#12448)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/pagination/pagination.md

<DataGrid rowCount={rowCountState} />;
```

:::warning

> The `rowCount` prop is used in server-side pagination mode to inform the DataGrid about the total number of rows in your dataset.
> This prop is ignored when the `paginationMode` is set to `client`, meaning the pagination is handled on the client-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rowCount` prop is used in server-side pagination mode to inform the DataGrid about the total number of rows in your dataset.
This prop is ignored when the `paginationMode` is set to `client`, i.e. when the pagination is handled on the client-side.
```

Reviewer 2: No i.e. per Vale rule

Reviewer: Hmm... I wonder what could be the reason, since I feel such abbreviations (like e.g. which seems to be [allowed](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/blob/next/.github/styles/Blog/Typos.yml) are fairly understood and could be helpful to save some space.

Reviewer 2: `vale sync && vale docs/data/data-grid/pagination/pagination.md` will error
